WHAT DOES IT guys and welcome back now in this video we're going to be working up the header image.
OK what I'm going to do I'm just going to click this enable the visual builder in the home page and
you can see that we are here and now in this video we're going to be moving on with the header image
so we will be covering the slider later on.
First I think we should discuss the hetter image OK.
So what you have to do you just have to come here and you have to click this guy right here.
OK.
First you have to add a new section and then we can delete the premise one section you can not delete
it right now.
OK.
Hey we'll be here.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to click this guy right here.
OK.
And this is saying insert section.
What I'm going to do.
I'm just going to click this a full.
OK.
And then I won the full fit header.
This is done.
I'm just going to click here and you can see this is right here.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to come here to the back row here and I want to select the image.
So here you can see that.
Let me just close it right now again.
Let me do it from start again so that you may understand it.
OK.
I'm just going to delete this section.
We just entered the visual builder.
We came here we clicked this section OK and then I click this full of red.
OK.
And then after looking for that it is giving me some modules that I can add.
So in the DVH what we say divi language we basically call these Madill.
OK.
So if I want to add I can add full width code I can add the full at map image for that menu portfolio.
Post-Labor post-Idol for its.
Anything.
OK.
But I will be moving on for the full vid Hetter.
I'm just going to click here and it can see a new thing is right here.
OK here we can manage this.
So you have two options three options that how you want this to appear.
So if you want it to just add on sidebar You can also work with this.
If I just click here you can see that it is right here on the sidebar.
And I think that it makes it easy to use because if we have all of your also shifted in turn OK an element
Tor is also like this.
So if you want if you want to be like this you can also click here and if you don't want it you'll just
click here and see it is now like this.
So you can just pretty old track it.
Any fear you want if you want to look at the full screen basically.
OK.
So I'm just going to clicking.
I'm just going click here so that it is right here and I can see exactly what I am doing.
So if I want to just put it here I can also do it like this as well.
OK.
I'm just going to bring this to the foresight that I have a screen right here where I can manage everything.
OK so first of all you need a background image because that is important.
OK.
And for background image we need to go to and splashed out.
And here we have to basically download the image we have to resize that image and then we have to move
forward.
So since I'm making an event management based website I'm just going to come here I'm going to search
for Evy E.A. and I'm going to hit enter and again see it is exploring these images.
I'm just going to grab an image that attracts people
to a thing like this one I can move on with this one right here or let's just search for a marriage
so
I don't know.
OK.
Always go back to the event one.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to shoot for event.
And then you'll search it into an issue some more like here.
OK so it's going to be a celebration audience crowd or something like that.
So I'm just going to go with
this image right here.
OK.
This is right here.
And I want to download this.
OK.
This is right here and now I have to go to the Photoshop pray here.
I want to open up the Photoshop and then I have to resize it.
So if you don't have the Photoshop grab it because this is really important to resize the images and
we've all been resizing it.
What you have to do you have just come here to the file way here.
OK.
And you have to click new Ok and new from a new band that will open you're happy just slide 1 2 0 0
by Sorry 1 2 8 0 by 720.
OK 720 and you have two.
OK.
And I can see and you know is right here.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to drag it.
I'm going to drop it right here.
So you can see this image should be right here and is going to resize it right now I'm just going to
spring this right here and then I have to hold the shift and on holding Shift I have to just drag it
right here.
So now I have to hit enter.
You have to hit enter and that's all.
OK.
You can just bring at the top if you want to bring it to top so that everything is viewable
core.
OK.
Now what I'm going to do I'm just going to press control alt and save on and as not safe.
And you win those right here.
I'm going to go with s still pray here.
And I want to save it as you know I'm PNB And let's just create a new folder.
OK.
I'm going to create a new folder here.
Let's click this guy and I'm going to name it as a complete blue P course I can open it up.
I'm just going to add it and it should be.
We can name it as as tree head.
Viji PNB.
So make sure that PFG selected you can select IMJ if you want to.
OK and now we have to hit save and we have to hit OK.
And I can see that this image should be saved right now.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to come here right here again.
I'm going to click Vikrant right here.
OK.
And now I have to select these so you can see this is basically used for color.
This is used for Ingredion if I want to add a creating an effect we will discuss it if I want to use
an image.
I have to use this and if I want to add a video I can add this.
OK so we will be discussing all of them in detail.
OK I have to just click this image because I want to add image and you can see that how professional
website it's going to look.
OK.
You guys yourself will decide it.
I'm just going to go I'm here to upload file.
I'm going to go to select File.
I'm going to go to the saw pray here and see the PC and I'm going to grab this and you can see that
it should be uploaded right here so you can go.
So you can make pretty well any type of website since I'm creating a website for event management or
something like that.
That is why I want to create a website for that so you can see this is being uploaded.
Here we go.
I'm just going to click here upload an image and here should be the image in here should be the background
images.
Well here we go.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit enter.
So you can see this is right here.
And what I'm going to do I'm just going to bring my mouse to right here so that I can delay this action.
OK.
On deleting this it is right.
Gone.
OK.
And now here is my background image that is coming and we will now be working up for this.
I'm just going to come here to the gear icon.
You can see I can add anything right here.
OK in the module.
OK I can just click here you can see I can eat anything I can add a full width header.
I can either for that image I can have a full menu portfolio or anything.
Ok but what I have to do I basically need to just work this one that is already here.
So if you have any confusions that are your modules what you can do you can just click here and then
you can click here.
So it's going to tell you that we have a new section right here.
And then inside this we have a full head.
So then you can edit it easily and if you want to see it then you can click here and you can see this
is right now.
So this is how it works.
OK.
Now what I'm going to do I'm just going to click this guy right here because I'm going to work for this
Hetter the Madill settings.
OK.
And here are the settings right here show I want to I want to add the title.
So for a title I want to add
so here would be next.
Door events.
OK.
This is my Basically the name.
And then I have the subheading the best the best event
management
company
ok cool.
Now I want to make it light.
So I'm just going to come here to the design right here and I want to go to the text right here.
OK.
And then I have to choose the text color and it is going to be light.
OK so you can see this is now visible.
OK.
And you can see this is already looking a bit good.
Not very good but somehow a bit good.
OK what I'm going to do right now I am just going to go to the concentrate here again and you can see
that.
Here are the things that we can worry about.
So we have text right here.
We have the bird and Ray here and then we have to put into it so we can add to it and right here if
I just add Hello and a will and Hello.
So you can add two buttons right here.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to like.
So we need just one button.
OK.
And that is going to be or should you we can add two words if you want to.
So this is going to be about us
contact us
right.
These two are coming right here and then we can put it anywhere we can design it where we want it to
be.
OK.
So we can also add them with our own thing that we can also add a new section we can assign a background
event background image and then we can add the modules so we can also do it.
The data will also show you that that mattered.
But you can see that DV has a great look and feel but Elementary does not have.
I don't know why I'm in love for this so I'm just going to go to the lengths so we can at it but you
are already here.
So for about us it's going to take us to the About page you can add a slash Ray here and then you can
read about.
So how it is going to work it's going to work like this as 3D complete of course.
Now slash.
And then this you know and it's going to be slash contact.
So let's go ahead and save.
And here we are done with our website like this.
I can and just try it and drop it tray here so you can see this is increasing but this is not ok.
The reason behind this is we have to worry Connett how we'll do that.
We have to just click the gear icon OK and then we have to move to the design.
OK.
And then we have to go down and sees the spacing.
So I'm just gonna add the batting right here spatting is basically inside this.
OK.
And the margin is basically out so I guess if I just add any padding right here you can see this is
increasing like this.
So so so we have to add the padding to the top and the bottom right here.
So I'm just going to add I think 200 pixels from the top and I have to add 200 pixels from the bottom.
So this is how it is looking.
OK.
What I want to do I want an overlay array here and that is going to be a background overlay color.
So the backroad overly color is going to be.
So we need to focus on the black and the golden OK.
If I choose this
choose to block I think black looks good
let's increase it more increase it more.
And that we go.
So this is looking like the backroom overlay.
OK you can see this is how it's looking next door events the best of it management company about us
contact us.
OK.
And now we have to design this.
So how will design this feel just where you could the design of the title text title text.
Conduct's decks are getting decks but I'm not into using spacing waterparks shade of filters and any
animation as well.
Right.
So what we're going to do right now is if we just come here and then we try to add a background right
here with this
OK I'm going to come here and I'm going to come here and I'm going to just decrease the transparency
so you can also add accreting effect if you want to.
OK let's come here to the design.
Let's get here to the overlay and let's just make it fully transparent.
OK.
And you can see how this is looking so you can add pretty well the combination of two colors right here.
You just have to remove the background overlay.
You don't have to add any background overly You just have to go to the content and then you have to
go to the back.
And then you have to work with a color right here.
OK.
So then you can see you have to click here.
This is the image basically.
And this is the gradient so you have to select it.
OK this will be said to know you have to come here to Creedon and then you have to select a place gradient
above the image.
So we want to add that gradient above the image.
And here we can work on it.
OK.
How how how it will look.
I think we want to focus on the gold and in the black.
So I'm going to stick with the black first OK.
And this would be golden.
Cool.
OK.
And I want to decrease it more.
Let's make it a full color.
What I'm going to do right now I want to just go with this to be linear.
So linear is like a line and radial is basically a circle.
OK.
So we'll be working up to this later on.
Or have we just work with the leadership basically we focusing on the design of the head.
Right now the reason is that because the header catches everything.
OK.
Yes the red the header catches everything.
Because this is your first impression of say the person.
Can I see.
OK.
And then we have the indirection so you can change the direction how we want the Korean to be on degree.
So I'm just going to choose them to be this this tard position is going to be like this as well.
And the and position
OK.
I want to increase it decrease it till here and decrease it till here.
So you can see this effect.
OK what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here and I'm going to increase decrease this opacity.
So this is now gaining it.
Hey I'm just going to increase it more from say OK cool.
OK.
You can see how this is looking so you can pretty well change it to be like how you want it to be.
You won this direction you can also choose it to be on 90 degree which is straight.
If I just choose it to be 90 you can see it is trade right now.
And if I just match these positions
you can see now this position is right here so you can also pretty well do it like this that we did
in the module if that OK if I just click here and can see how this is.
So you can't add anything right here as well if you want to add.
OK.
You can have that.
So I'm just going to click here again and I'm going to manage this.
I'm just going to double click it.
And here we want to go to town and then back home we have to work on it.
OK I'm just gonna click here and I want to click here to the Korean direction.
This looks cool as well.
If I just press enter.
This looks cool I think.
OK.
Now what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to double click here.
And I want to go to the design we need to basically design this.
I'm just going to go to the concentrate here.
And I want to make it not the full line but I want to make it a little bit of blurry so that it doesn't
look bad.
OK.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to go to discovery here and I want to choose the end position
to be increased.
So now you can see this is giving the effect right here
I want to increase this to that it goes above and I want it to be 100 percent CT.
OK.
Now I want to go to the design right here and I want to go to the title text so title text is going
to be.
Let's bring the whole text to be in the center.
So we're going to do this.
OK.
Let's go to the title text first.
Let's bring this to the center and I want to increase the size of it.
Ok cool.
Now here we can manage with the color stuff.
And Van so I'm going to choose the golden OK.
The full golden right here.
Court.
OK.
What I'm going to do.
I'm just going to work this case right here that is to some but we first want to work with the title
font so it is going to be a light full light to that.
It is not very bold.
OK.
And that will work with this.
I want to use open hands.
Ok cool.
Now what I'm going to do I'm just going to go down and I want to give some spacing so that it looks
great.
That we go OK.
And I want to go down.
And here we have the context.
So I think this is the content text.
No this is not the Kundan text.
I'm just going to go to the subhead text and I want to bring this to center as well.
So you can see disarray here.
I think it looks create a video right color and then we have to work good these buttons.
OK.
Or if I just may get the full the normal color.
This one this one looks cool as well.
So I'm just going to make it
cool.
OK.
I wanted to bring these to the center as well.
So let's go to the button one and use custom tiles for button 1 and use custom sales for it too as well.
Let's go down let's go to the button to
it.
I'm just going to bring it.
I'm just going to bring this used custom sales.
OK.
Now I want to work for the button one first.
I want to I want it to be in the center so it should be.
It can be all right or left
OK.
Put into subheadings.
So I want to bring this to Centuri here.
Let's go to let's go to this guy right here.
Let's go to the text and let's see if we have some things for the button so we cannot allow scientists
to send from here.
We have to work to lay out and logo and text orientation should be the center so everything is center
so we can go with the layout and make it do that.
So we can also make it the full screen.
OK.
How does full screen is going to work.
Is that will work for you or it will get it will get the size of your LCD or the LCD that you have and
it'll work with that.
I'm just going to know so that because I want that custom.
And then we have the about us and contact us.
OK.
Now we have to go with this one.
I want to go with it use custom Syal and the button text color symbol and text color is going to be
Plack
this
ok cool.
And now I want to go with the button to color.
So but in one font would be open Sans.
This also looks good.
Let's apply to this guy right here.
OK.
I'm going to go to the design right here and I want to go to the Title X ray here.
I want to go to the open sands and let's just go with this any use your telescope next door events.
OK.
This looks amazing.
So I'm going to go to discovery here because the burden should be the normal.
So I'm just going to go down.
And here we want to use the default one.
So let's go to the button to Ray here and let's go to Customs dials.
So I'm but I'm.
Sorry but anyone right here and let's go to the phone tray here and let's use the open sense
call.
We have about us and then we have the contact us next door events.
OK.
The best event management company.
So here now we have to worry about an icon.
So if you want to use any of the icon for about us I think here should be a person or person icon.
So
a personal profile or something like that so this can be good as well about us or this can work well
about us.
I think
yes.
I think for about us it is looking good.
I'm just going to go to the button Turei here.
OK.
And then I have to go down and I want to change the font of this sorry the icon.
So for this I'm going to choose contact for contact
cool.
So we have this guy here next door event the best event management company.
And then we have about us and the contact us so you can see that we are totally done with the header
section and this is how our header is looking.
I think it is good as it is looking good.
OK we can also give some speccing from the button because I think it is recommended.
So I'm just gonna come here.
I'm going to go from here to the design Ray here.
I'm going to go to the button one right here and
OK I want to give the some spacing to the.
And right here.
So I'm going to go to.
OK.
Let's go to the subhead text.
And let's just give some light height to the subhead next.
OK.
Let's increase it.
And there we go.
It looks cool.
Hey I'm just going to click here and this is how it is looking next door events about us contact us.
Cool.
So you can see that this is how our header is looking right now.
OK.
We can work for this.
We can change it.
We can change it design.
OK.
You have to just come here.
You have to just manage.
Just lay out OK.
You have to click this guy.
And then here you can manage it so you can see this is looking pretty amazing.
This DVH is basically really really really really complicated.
OK.
And it will just take a lot of time for you to understand.
I'm just going to come here and you can also add a color if you want to before it.
OK.
But since we have added the fact that is why we're here.
We're just taking the creating defect right now.
OK.
You can also manage this with this if you want to.
So it will be like this.
And it is now 180 degree.
OK let me add one.
OK.
And you can move on with this that how you want to create an effect to be.
So you can add it right here on the button section.
OK so this is how you can manage it.
You can also do it like this if you want to and this is full sharp.
You can see this is fully sharp so you can work with this as well.
So it is going to increase it because I want it to be normal.
So now I think we're done with our Hetter section right here.
We can pretty well do anything.
If you want to duplicate this section we can also duplicate it.
So let's just move on and create some other effects with this header.
OK.
I'm just going to come here to the Madill say things and I'm going to go to down below and here in the
background I have to just work with this gradient and I'm going to choose the radial so you can see
radial is like this.
And I can just work for the position right here so you can see now how is this looking.
And let's just move it and position a bit
OK.
You can see yourself that how it is.
If I just choose a 0 percent OK.
This is looking like a son so I can just make this hard position to be more like this.
OK you can move on this as well if you want to you can increase the end position to make it look much
better.
OK.
This is also looking cool.
So you can pretty well do anything with this.
OK.
Let's just go ahead.
Let's hit enter.
Let's get this section.
OK.
This is Fred just click it.
You can see the section is going to be duplicated.
So it's just work with more.
OK.
I'm just going to go with the module settings.
And let's just go to the content tray here and instead of as a background image I will add all the looking
great.
OK.
So you can see you can also move on this if you want them here.
And here is the image that is coming I'm just going to go to the sitting tray here and I'm going to
go to the background and I'm going to use the parallax effect.
OK.
I'm just going to go do the C assessment.
So this is how the parallax is working.
I you have to just come here and I have to use user created and above the image.
OK so if you're using the parallax you can see this is not working.
So on parallax it will not work.
You have to make sure that you disable the parallax and it will only work with that.
So this is how it is looking and I think you have to decide that which suits you which slider should
say OK we have this type of Fedder and we have this type of header and we have this type of header.
So you can decide which letters suits you.
And then you can move on with this.
So I think I like this one so I'll be just moving on this.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to hit each section.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit delete section so this is coming right here.
So this is my Web site OK.
And if you just did it and anything from mistake here to just press controls Z and it will be back.
And if I just think that I like this one then I'll just come here and I'll delete this one.
OK.
So I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit save.
I'm using this because I think it looks much professional and I want to build a business professional
site.
OK.
So I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit save and you can see that my slider is safe.
So thanks a lot guys who are watching this in the next video we'll be working on with our services section
about Section and more.
So by.